Updated PYNQ Image Download Link for ZCU104 in the README.md (#4)
ptoupas/amd-open-hardware-23: README.md

- [License](#license)
- [Citation](#citation)

## Getting Started

### Setup FPGA with PYNQ

> 1. Download the latest PYNQ image for your FPGA board from [here](https://download.amd.com/opendownload/xlnx/zcu104_v3.0.1.zip). For this project, we used the `ZCU104` board which is officially supported by PYNQ. If you are using a different board, you may need to build the PYNQ image yourself. See [here](https://github.com/Xilinx/PYNQ/issues/1425#issuecomment-1601772627) how we built the PYNQ image for the `ZCU106` board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the most recent PYNQ image for your FPGA board from the [PYNQ precompiled images](https://www.pynq.io/boards.html) page. For this project, we used the `ZCU104` board which is officially supported by PYNQ. If you are using a different board, you may need to build the PYNQ image yourself. See [here](https://github.com/Xilinx/PYNQ/issues/1425#issuecomment-1601772627) how we built the PYNQ image for the `ZCU106` board.
```

Reviewer: I think its better to have the PYNQ official page with the precompiled images as the main link to download the respective PYNQ image.
